 

                           DIGITAL

DECnet[TM] SNA Gateway for Channel Transport

AV-LU41F-TE

Dear Customer:

This kit contains the DECnet[TM] SNA Gateway for Channel 
Transport Version 2.2 software and the user documentation from 
Version 2.1 (the documentation did not need to be revised for
Version 2.2). Please check the bill of materials to see that
all the items listed are in your distribution kit. If any item
is missing or damaged, please contact your Digital Equipment
Corporation representative.

DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport Version 2.2 supports
OpenVMS[TM] Alpha and OpenVMS VAX[TM] Version 6.2 or higher.

The DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport documentation set
includes the following:

o  DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport
   Installation (AA-MA07E-TE)

o  DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport
   Guide to IBM[R] Parameters (AA-LU36E-TE)

o  DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport
   Problem Solving (AA-LU37E-TE)

o  DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport and Gateway for
   Synchronous Transport
   Management (AA-LU43E-TE)

In most cases, the DECnet SNA Gateway for Channel Transport
software operates the same on OpenVMS Alpha and OpenVMS VAX
systems. Any exceptions are noted in the release notes. 
DIGITAL[TM] recommends that you read the release notes for any
technical issues before you begin installation. You can access
the release notes by responding to the prompts at the beginning
of the installation procedure, before you begin to install the
software.

To install the product, enter the following command:
$ @SYS$UPDATE:VMSINSTAL SNACSA022 device-name OPTIONS N

If you need to order additional documentation, contact your 
DIGITAL sales representative or refer to the ordering information
in the Software Documentation Product Directory.

If you have comments about this product's documentation, please
complete and return the postpaid, preaddressed Reader's Comments
Form at the back of each manual.

[R]  IBM is a registered trademark of International Business
     Machines Corporation.

[TM] DECnet, DIGITAL, OpenVMS, VAX, and the DIGITAL logo are
     trademarks of Digital Equipment Corporation.

   © Digital Equipment Corporation. 1998. All Rights Reserved.
